TRUE The Snow Fiends are demons that appear in the Scar of Sacrifice.


TRUE The Frozen Nightlands of Nix are home to packs of werewolves.


TRUE Vulcanus is a variant created by combining a Snowfield Gorilla and an Acid Beetle.


TRUE There is no Arkeum Legion in Nix.


TRUE In the aftermath of the ancient war between the elves and the giants, a rift to Diabolica opened in Nix.


TRUE The coldest place in Nix is Shemir's Tower.


TRUE Nix has a special method of travel called the Auroral Path.


TRUE The Frost Crone in the Scar of Sacrifice was originally a wizard dispatched to Nix for a greater cause.


TRUE Rae is a cult leader now.

TRUE Masarax wears a red mask.


TRUE Kaylle Noctus is the only younger brother of Cerise Noctus, the Border Zone Vigilante Leader.


TRUE Kaylle Noctus is at the Border Zone.


TRUE Tumgir was the Brave Giant who created mechanical soldiers and the Ember Giant during the ancient tribal war.


TRUE Cerise Noctus is the Nix Border Zone Vigilante Leader.


TRUE The Blacksword Company Captain is in the Entropic Tundra of Nix.


TRUE The Blacksword Company Captain is looking for capable underlings.


TRUE The Border Zone of Nix can endure the bitter cold thanks to the manastone at its center.


TRUE The Auroral Path is called that because the stars appear to flow like a river.


TRUE Sylaveth was sealed by Einar, the Creator God.


TRUE The Star Fragments of Sylaveth were originally one.


TRUE The tribes that fought against the giants in the ancient tribal war were humans, orcs, elves, and goblins.


TRUE The war between elves and humans began when humans pursued forbidden magic.


TRUE Archwizard Sion Tegeroth ended the elf-human war.


TRUE Deluzhnoa used the heart of Quietis to defeat the enemy, but was consumed by its power.


TRUE Hale Verpheus is the first Archwizard of Venelux.


TRUE  After the Temple of Light was destroyed, it came to be known as the Temple of Deluzhnoa.


TRUE Kazar's Arkeum Legion invaded Whisp Island to obtain Star Fragments.

TRUE Hursky is a cutie.


TRUE The heart of Quietis was originally kept by the elves in the Temple of Light.

TRUE The element of water resonates with Deluzhnoa.


TRUE Ruffello's bracelets originally belonged to comrades who fell in battle ten years ago.


TRUE Kazar sent Calanthia and the orc legion to invade Whisp Island in pursuit of Star Fragments.


TRUE The elves once gifted language and magic to humans.


TRUE An Abyssal Meteor rose from the Talandre seabed.


TRUE The Great Sage Tree, the world tree of the elves, is dying because of the red fog.


TRUE The Guardians' Tomb holds the relics of the seven wizards who sealed Deluzhnoa.


TRUE Yann Junath took in orphans who bore Star Fragments on Whisp Island.


TRUE The reason the Arkeum Legion tried to steal the power of the Star Fragment from the children was to use it as a tool of war.


TRUE Sea turtles breathe outside of water.


TRUE Sea turtles are reptiles.


TRUE The former name of the Shattered Temple in Laslan is the Temple of Light.

TRUE Hi Chef!


TRUE The desert of Stonegard was created by the cursed rain brought down by Skultus.


TRUE The Sanctum of Desire is located in the Manawastes.


TRUE Whisp Island is a sacred island protected by the World Tree Whisperion.


TRUE Talandre is a region famous for the Breezeline.


TRUE There is a passage to the Port from Stonegard Castle.


TRUE Most of the mines in Talandre are currently occupied by the Black Anvil Dwarves.


TRUE The Ruins of Turayne were originally a thriving commercial district.


TRUE The rumors of a little monster in the Swamp of Silence were actually about Giselle, a mutated

girl.


TRUE The Holy Tree's Sanctuary is the inner world of the Great Sage Tree.


TRUE The name of the ship that travels between Kastleton and Vienta Port is the Marind.


TRUE The name of the sundries merchant in Vienta Village is Deborah.


TRUE The Aethersuit is a device used to rapidly descend from the Aetherion to the ground.


TRUE Martinay Casill is Adriana Casill's younger sister.

TRUE Dartz is super strong and cool and handsome.


TRUE The temple built by the lycanthropes of Nix is on the opposite side of the waterfall in the

Frozen Nightlands.


TRUE When you cook, you get a great success sometimes.


TRUE A Guardian's Pledge is an object imbued with a Guardian through a special ceremony.


TRUE The red fog originates from Abyssal Meteor fragments and causes mutations in living

creatures.


TRUE When the red fog is condensed, it becomes red bitumen.


TRUE Underlying principles of white magic and dark magic are the same.


TRUE A Diston is a magical tool capable of storing magical energy and recording knowledge.


TRUE There is a phenomenon called the Abyssal Contract that occurs in places dominated by

darkness.


TRUE Burning the herb called Crimosa causes an adverse reaction in demons.


TRUE Lunar-0 has been storing information and prophecies from books in Venelux.


TRUE Lunar-0 has Janice's deductive abilities programmed in as a magic schema.


TRUE The Star-Born can be mentally connected to one another.


TRUE When the connection among the Star-Born grows stronger, even spacetime displacement can occur.


TRUE Spirits arise from extreme elemental imbalances.


TRUE When Deluzhnoa's power erupts, Quietis's Demesne can completely freeze over.


TRUE According to Theodor's research records, Bladewind Flowers are needed to charge the Wind Relic.


TRUE Since many bees gather around Bladewind Flowers, you must put on some bee repellent

before harvesting them.


TRUE In the Holy Tree's Sanctuary, it is the Twilight Flame that can burn the tree branches tainted by the red fog.


TRUE A branch from the Lifebringer Tree is needed to grow a new tree branch in the Holy Tree's Sanctuary.

TRUE One of the key materials for the Queen Bellandir luring device is a sharp armadillo scale.


TRUE The presence of Mitrans means the Land of the Dead is being purified.


TRUE Queen Bellandir is a giant sandworm in Stonegard.


TRUE The largest basilisk in Stonegard is Chernobog.


TRUE Lycans grow stronger near the moonstone during the Harvest Moon ritual.


TRUE Each of the two heads of a Two-Headed Ogre has a brain.


TRUE Lacune is the giant ant queen of Stonegard.


TRUE The Ant Nest is home to giant ants such as Soldier Ants, Explosive Ants, and Acid Ants.


TRUE Queen Bellandir was originally nothing more than a small sandworm.


TRUE Queen Bellandir has a tendency to be drawn to strong magical power.


TRUE When Roen was swallowed by Queen Bellandir, she transformed into a violet bird and

escaped from within.


TRUE Bee venom helps regulate the toxicity within mana.


TRUE A contaminated beetle horn makes a tonic several times stronger than a regular horn.


TRUE A sandworm's venom sac releases a signaling substance when it detects another creature's mana


TRUE The souls of dead elves wander the Forest of the Great Tree.


TRUE Venelux is the center of magical academia, home to a repository of forbidden texts.


TRUE The Lightbringer Society is a wizard organization that opposes dark magic.


TRUE The Akidu orcs are shadow orcs allied with the Arkeum Legion.


TRUE The Fonos orcs believe they grow stronger through a ritual called the Festival of Fire.


TRUE The Resistance used Laslan as a stepping stone to grow their power and liberate Stonegard.


TRUE The Arkeum Legion is waging war across all of Solisium to obtain the Star Fragments of

Sylaveth.


TRUE The Akidu orcs abducted the Fonos orcs and turned them into shadow orcs.


TRUE The Sandflame Bandits are outlaws of the Monolith Wastelands.


TRUE The plan written on the kidnapping orders left by Arkeum was titled Calanthia's Plan.


TRUE Resistance Contract Coins are only given to those who complete contracts.


TRUE The Oath of the Resistance tablet contains a vow to stand and fight against the enemy.


TRUE Junobote is the ninth Grand Elder of the Sylavean Order.


TRUE Junobote offered one eye to Havres and gained forbidden knowledge.


TRUE The sixth Grand Elder of the Sylavean Order is Ahzreil.

TRUE Atoshen was promised the cordy wand 3000 years ago.


TRUE When Junobote summoned Havres, the resulting mana leak caused a mana frenzy in the

Manawastes.


TRUE On the day Junobote entered the sanctuary, the evil eye Malakar appeared and destroyed the barrier magic circle.


TRUE Nirma gained the power to summon tempests and lightning as a result of the experiment.


TRUE If no one is there to receive Nirma's electric sphere, it explodes on the ground and deals lethal damage.


TRUE Clay is the son of the legendary Archwizard Janice Cartair.


TRUE Lunar-0 is a Diston created by Janice Cartair during her studies at Venelux.


TRUE Calanthia follows Reville Lupius because he took her in as a child


TRUE Captain DaVinci arrived in Laslan after Reville had banned guilds.


TRUE Janice Cartair was the first female chancellor candidate of Venelux.


TRUE Lavelle can replicate not only the appearance and voice, but even some of the target's abilities.


TRUE Morokai's heart is hanging from his staff.


TRUE Rutaine and Sophia lost their parents to Reville Lupius.


TRUE Sophia, Rutaine, and Robert were rescued by Captain DaVinci as children.


TRUE Lazarus is the eldest son of the Crimson family and was lovers with Norn Bercant.


TRUE Captain DaVinci's real name is DaVinci Aron.


TRUE DaVinci first defeated the Arkeum alongside Lord Hobs in Kastleton at the southern tip of

Laslan.


TRUE Clay was once abducted by the Arkeum.


TRUE When founding the Order of the Swan, Roen wanted a jet-black crow as the seal.


TRUE Roen has a special mark on her right hand.


TRUE Iska, whom Clay introduced to you, possesses the power of the Star Fragment.


TRUE Iska came to Nix following Clay.


TRUE The name of the Vampire Slayer and Ezekiel's master is Scarla.


TRUE Ezekiel hunted vampires to the point of nearly driving them to extinction across the continent.


TRUE Leonardas, the person you met in Vienta, was posing as a benevolent doctor.


TRUE Doctor Leonardas of Vienta spread a fake plague to secure patients as sacrifices for the Blood

Ritual.


TRUE Helpie is an Amitoi on Whisp Island.


TRUE Helpie's first owner was Diana, the Star-Born girl.


TRUE Helpie fell into slumber beneath Whisperion after Diana passed away.


TRUE Melvin is Theodor's apprentice and a prodigious wizard recognized even in Venelux.


TRUE Theodor was once imprisoned by the Wolpertingers


TRUE Theodor tried to repair the Lunar-Bell but ended up making it explode.


TRUE Theodor always boasts that he was an Archwizard candidate in Venelux.


TRUE Azra studied the red fog and created a bitumen purification device.


TRUE The first gift Azra thought of giving Giselle was a camel.


TRUE Giselle is a girl whose arm was mutated by the red fog.


TRUE Giselle lived with her grandmother, but her grandmother left and never came back.


TRUE Giselle loved apricot pie the first time she tried it.


TRUE Sophia always worries about Robert but hides her feelings.


TRUE Sophia and Rutaine once fell into a spider den as children and were left dangling from spider webs.


TRUE Robert calls himself a lone wolf.


TRUE Rutaine's Diston name is Lunar-17.


TRUE The Terrific Trio were gifted a flag that DaVinci used during his trainee days.


TRUE Calanthia used the corpses from northern Laslan to create soldiers for the Arkeum Legion.


TRUE Yann Junath was like a father to the children taken in on Whisp Island.


TRUE Yann Junath is currently dead.


TRUE The demon Risieth's goal was to find and kill Havres.


TRUE Havres hid within the body of a young Resistance Soldier named Lukas.


TRUE Minezerok is the first lich ever created.


TRUE Ahzreil destroyed the Temple of Light during Hale Verpheus's funeral.


TRUE Chamir is a Resistance spy with the codename Canary.


TRUE Chamir's signature menu includes Sandworm Larva Pudding and Quillix Duodenum Soup.


TRUE Bonia Naru, the daughter of Pakilo Naru, secretly maintained a contract with the Arkeum

Legion.


TRUE After being abducted, Clay became a red fog test subject and briefly turned into a rampaging

weapon.


TRUE Janice disguised herself as a dwarf when infiltrating the Black Anvil Forge.


TRUE Morrin is a Wolpertinger and the gatekeeper of the Great Sage Tree in Talandre.


TRUE Morrin calls humans tall-tingers.


TRUE Aramo is a Wolpertinger, a high-ranking elemental spirit that guards the World Tree in the Holy

Tree's Sanctuary.


TRUE Ramsey Webster, a monk who serves Einar, says that mutant monsters were once human.


TRUE Marcia Richill is the captain of the Sandworm Raid Group.


TRUE Even after death, Glenn Richill remained as a wandering spirit, worrying about his daughter Marcia.


TRUE Porfos actually had a bright and cheerful personality when he was alive.


TRUE The demon Blath guards Shaikal of Darkness in the Cursed Wasteland.


TRUE Amitoi Solia has experience working at the royal castle.


TRUE The Lycan Scouts are guarding a monument stone related to the Moonlight Spell.


TRUE Dwarf Henderson composed songs about his past adventures.


TRUE The Golem's Heart is a device that holds the powerful force of a Star Fragment.


TRUE Henderson's comrade, Sienna Parsons, is a Resistance wizard.


TRUE Henderson, Sienna Parsons, and Louie Hayson were comrades who completed many

missions and adventures together.


TRUE Janice Cartair vanished without a trace on the day of her inauguration as chancellor of

Venelux.


TRUE Clay knew that his mother, Janice, disappeared because of the Chaos of Mana.


TRUE The one who built the Golem Cart of Fortress Aron was the dwarf Bermetz.


TRUE Remy was the son of Lazarus Crimson and Norn Bercant.


TRUE Hela injected Lazarus's soul into Remy, turning him into a massive vengeful spirit.


TRUE When Norn's journal and Lazarus's Guardian's Pledge resonated and emitted light, Remy's curse was lifted.


TRUE Lazarus left a letter for Norn suggesting they secretly flee together.


TRUE Lazarus and Norn tried to escape on a smuggling ship but ultimately failed.


TRUE Berge is the Nightmare Herald of Arkeum who uses the power to petrify the Resistance.


TRUE When Kazar appeared through a massive portal at the Shattered Temple, Clay stayed behind alone to stop Kazar.


TRUE Zaroth was the commander of the Arkeum Legion in Laslan.


TRUE Paola is a wizard researching dimensional circles in Vienta Village.


TRUE Gideon is the guard captain of Canina Village.


TRUE Benny was once abducted by the Akidu orcs while disguised as an orc.


TRUE Baize, who asked for help collecting equipment lithographs, is a member of the Endless

Collectors Association.


TRUE Watch Captain Ruffello acts immediately when it involves the Arkeum.


TRUE Henson is a former watch captain with the nickname One-Eyed Hawk.


TRUE Josephine Craft is investigating Queen Bellandir.


TRUE Harden from Canina Village once went missing after being lured into the forest by a strange sound?


TRUE Ashien has the power to paint images that allow travel through space.


TRUE The Arkeum Legion morphs into various animals to infiltrate Laslan.


FALSE Tumgir, who fell in Tumgir's Grave, is the name of a giant golem.


FALSE The reason Nix froze over was because of a dragon's breath.


FALSE Fellinex is a war golem created by Tumgir.


FALSE Only humans live in the Border Zone of Nix.


FALSE Shemir was a dwarf wizard.


FALSE After Shemir's sacrifice, Nix became a land of abundance.


FALSE Flamakan is the god of wind.


FALSE Einar is the god who governs both creation and destruction.


FALSE The Abyssal Meteor is a weapon of war made by the elves.


FALSE The Abyssal Meteor was split into three pieces and sealed away.


FALSE Theodor graduated top of Venelux Class 293.


FALSE The Crimson family was a peaceful farming family.


FALSE Reville Lupius is the third Elder of the Sylavean Order.


FALSE When Deluzhnoa went berserk, Hale Verpheus immediately returned and sealed her.


FALSE Deluzhnoa's seal enforcement ritual requires relics containing the three prime elements.


FALSE It was Calanthia who banned the creation of guilds throughout Solisium.


FALSE The Abyssal Meteor is a weapon forged by condensing the hopes and joys of the dead.


FALSE Mushrooms are plants.


FALSE Mushrooms make their own nutrients through photosynthesis.


FALSE Whales are fish.


FALSE Coral is a plant.


FALSE A day is exactly 24 hours long.


FALSE Sound is faster than light.


FALSE Spiders are insects.


FALSE Rae is stinky.

FALSE Tomatoes are fruits, not vegetables.


FALSE Kastleton is where the Arkeum Legion resides.


FALSE The specialty of Vienta Village is oranges.


FALSE The Golden Hammer dwarves supply minerals to the Black Anvil dwarves.


FALSE There are only five ships in Kastleton Port.


FALSE A small island off the Laslan Coast is home to an enormous flock of sheep.


FALSE There is a crematorium in the Moonlight Desert region.


FALSE Nixian Berries grow in the Entropic Tundra.


FALSE The giants coexisted peacefully after defeating the dragon.


FALSE There's an area called the Golem Ruins in front of Stonegard Castle.


FALSE There is a broken statue of Kazar in the center of Kastleton.


FALSE The Sanctum of Desire is associated with the element of water.


FALSE The first Diston was named Stone-0.


FALSE Crimosa's nickname is the Dragon's Tongue.


FALSE Queen Bellandir grew to that size naturally.


FALSE Adentus was created by Shadowmancers using corpses.


FALSE Lacune was transformed by a power other than the Star Fragment of Sylaveth.


FALSE Skultus called Lacune the Desert Overlord.


FALSE It was Belluatan who first enlarged the Ant Nest.


FALSE The source of Queen Bellandir's power is a Diston.


FALSE The Lycan Scout is an orc.


FALSE The leader of the Arkeum Legion is Kazar.


FALSE The leader of the Allied Resistance Forces, Captain DaVinci, is from the Arkeum Legion.


FALSE The Kowazan clan is an orc tribe.


FALSE Arthur Talon was a loyal guild leader of the Resistance.


FALSE Havres is the Demon of Deceit.


FALSE Six Shadowmancers summoned Risieth, and only one of them survived in the end.


FALSE The demon who stole Elleia's body is Havres.


FALSE The Grand Elder who brought the cursed rain upon Solisium is Ahzreil.


FALSE Junobote summoned Havres in the Sanctum of Desire and then came outside.


FALSE There are three barrier magic circles set up in the Sanctum of Desire.


FALSE Nirma was infused with the fire element during a Shadowmancer's experiment.


FALSE You can get Lime Powder by gathering Yellow Rock.


FALSE There are swamps among the Amitoi Expedition areas.


FALSE Clay, Roen, and Gerad Burnell are members of the Order of the Black Swan.


FALSE Calanthia is a wizard who uses only healing abilities.

FALSE WillowHarper smells funny.


FALSE Kazar is a living human.


FALSE Lavelle is the daughter of a human noble.


FALSE Ezekiel was a Vampire from birth.


FALSE Tevent is a wraith that awakened in the Shattered Temple.


FALSE The one who created the barrier holding back Tevent was the Archwizard Janice.


FALSE Jacque Hander is the castellan of Stonegard.


FALSE Lazarus died of a hereditary disease that runs in his family.


FALSE Captain DaVinci is from the Solisium army.


FALSE Benji didn’t yoink 10k lucent

FALSE Clay gave the graduation speech as the student representative at his Venelux graduation ceremony.


FALSE Roen spread pure white wings and flew when escaping from Belphoret.


FALSE Baron Leonardas, the vampire who killed Scarla, has lived for a hundred years.


FALSE The hideout of Vienta's doctor, Leonardas, was in an underground cave in Talandre.


FALSE Melvin always speaks to his master Theodor with extreme politeness and respect.


FALSE Azra is an ambitious scholar with a great interest in money and fame.


FALSE Giselle and Azra were close from the very beginning.


FALSE It was Captain DaVinci, passing nearby, who first discovered the Sophia siblings in the spider den.


FALSE Robert lives with Sophia and Rutaine in the same house in Vienta Village.


FALSE The Terrific Trio of the Resistance refers to Sophia, Rutaine, and Clay


FALSE Yann Junath survived the Kazar invasion unscathed.


FALSE Elleia was never possessed by a demon from start to finish.


FALSE Risieth and Havres were working together, collecting Star Fragments.


FALSE Minezerok collects animal souls to maintain its form.


FALSE Chamir is currently disguised as a barber at the Black Anvil Dwarf outpost.


FALSE Black Anvil Dwarf Commander Pakilo Naru's favorite food is spicy chicken.


FALSE It was Theodor who completed the Purification Potion to save Clay.


FALSE Ordinary humans can freely enter the Holy Tree's Sanctuary.


FALSE Ramsey Webster's goal is to annihilate the mutant monsters with powerful destruction magic.


FALSE Glenn Richill lost both arms to Queen Bellandir.


FALSE Ariella can morph into a giant orc.


FALSE There were ten shards of the Golem's Heart in total.


FALSE Remy, having become a wraith of Lazarus, obediently followed Hela's commands.


FALSE After the curse was lifted, Remy became an adventurer, wandering the world.


FALSE Zarek was a loyal wizard of the Resistance.


FALSE Marcia Richill gets along so well with her brother that they have never once fought.


FALSE The thing on Emperfang's head is a crown made by orcs.


FALSE The name of the Diston who relays information in front of the Milestone Stele is Lunar Crier.


FALSE All Storage Managers are dwarves.


FALSE There is a pet cat next to Wilson, the Herbalist at Windhill Shores.

